Adding info about shielded sync (#342)
anoma/namada-docs: packages/docs/pages/users/shielded-accounts/shielded-transfers.mdx

namadac balance --owner <your-spending-key-alias>
```

> In order to view actual and updated spending key's balance, one have to run shielded sync:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to view actual and updated spending key's balance, one must first run shielded sync:
```
